Version 1.72/Hellion:
	fix "runaways abort auto-adventure" problem.
	refactor "stop on (condition)" code.
	other readability enhancements.
	better debug output.

Version 1.71/Hellion:
	fix for Macro button not detecting when a macro has aborted, and resubmitting it pointlessly.

Version 1.70/Hellion:
	Updated script to work correctly with changes due to the addition of the combat macro system.
	Add (M)acro button, remove (H)eal button.

  Version 1.67/Hellion:
    Newer versions of Greasemonkey insist that only ints, strings, or bools can be used in
    GM_setValue() in a way that's more strict than usual. This update fixes this so doCombat()
    doesn't die.
    

  Version 1.66/adiabatic:
    Reenable finisher.

  Version 1.65/adiabatic:
    Code and comment cleanup.
    Removed useless getFormByName().
    
  Version 1.64/adiabatic:
  	fight.php URLs now look like "...fight.php?ireallymeanit=34234234".
	Adjusted @includes to compensate. (fix via AmandaKerik and Spar Klee)

Version 1.63/adiabatic:
	Fix auto-item-usage.

  Version 1.62/adiabatic:
	Tweak the metadata block to be less redundant, @description to be more succinct,
	and add	tooltips to the buttons so people don't have to guess what they do.
	
  Version 1.61/Hellion:	incorporate adiabatic's GM 3.5 fixes into the olfaction-enabled version.  tweak to try to eliminate double-casting of olfaction.
  Version 1.6/adiabatic:	not only is 'this.document.attack' kaput in 3.5, so's 'this.document.skill.whichskill'
				(referring to select[name=whichskill]). Autoskill works now.
  version 1.52/adiabatic:In Firefox 3.5, 'this.document.attack' doesn't refer to a working object. The two references
				to this	have now been changed to getAttackForm(), written by me. The script appears to be marginally slower.
   Version 1.51/Hellion:	Fix a bug with Olfaction detection while Smooth Movements is active, or while in Compact mode.
   Version 1.5/Hellion:	Incorporate Olfaction/StopOnMonster from Lukifer's mods to an old version of the script.
   Version 1.4:	New:  Finishers are in the script now, they are activated when the turnLimit is reached.
				Accessed under Account Menu -> Choose Auto-Attack Options.
				Stops auto-adventure when items in the STOP_LIST drops, and when leveling up.
	-yehman		  Toggled by right clicking 'A' and indicated by a darker green color.
				AutoHeal can toggle between two modes also.  The lighter color heals whenever, the darker
				  color heals only when an Auto-use is active. (i.e. when 'W','I', or 'S' is green)
				AutoHeal keeps track of previous non-healing skill, which auto-use-skill will use.
				Auto-use-item and -skill will pause if no item or skill is selected.
				MP gain and loss now recorded from combat.  Pith-helmet-like gains still not kept track.
				Stop auto-adventure when HP drops to zero from losing a fight, checks before Pith-helmet gains.
			Fixes:  MP and HP grabbing codes now correctly grab them at the first round of combat.
				  Entering zero when doubleclicking 'A' now correctly disables auto-adventuring.
				  Auto-adventuring stops correctly for non-combat adventures.
				  Skill cost checks re-implemented.  Somehow, the code for this and the CancelAtEnd were missing.
					This means auto-skill will not trigger if MP is too low.
				  Jalapeno saucesphere calculations are correct now.
			Changes:  Adventure counter works differently now.  Instead of straight counting down, it remembers the
					number of adventures left to stop on, and displays the difference.
				    Pushing the buttons in charpane makes the effect persist between fights, while pushing the 
					buttons in the combat screen only makes it last that one adventure.
				    When auto-healing fails, the 'H' button turns red instead of poping up an alert.
				    Restructured code for easier reading. (those nasty 7-layer-nested-if statements.)
				    Optimized code to be slightly less resource intensive.
   Version 1.3/CDM:  The value you type when double clicking H is now the number of HP below max when healing is cast.
   Version 1.2a/CDM:  Support compact and normal mode
   Version 1.2/CDM:  Made it reset auto-stop when doing auto-adventure, support only compact mode.
   Version 1.1a: Added auto-healing and MP checking stuff from my old script into yehman's new one.
   Version 1.1:  Auto-use will pause after specified number of rounds, and when item- or skill-use fails.
		     Auto-adventure logic shifted to fight.php and can now be set to repeat for X turns.
   Version 1.01:  Fixed minor bug of counter not resetting in certain situations.
   Version 1.0:  Fixed compatibility problem with Frameworks and KolWiki scripts. (thanks Picklish)
		     Support for fullmode, and made counter toggleable.
   Version 0.9(Initial release):  Buttons added, plus automation of 'use item' and 'use skill.'
   Version 0.2 - 0.7(Pre-release):  Automated 'use weapon' and 'adventure again.'
